completed codepen link --> https://codepen.io/shotrep/pen/GRWyeVQ?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Having meaning or a certain purpose.
    2. What is HTML used for? Building, the bones of your webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Additional information of elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 - h6 1 being the largest.  used for titles and can be used for any new section that needs it.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? we cna change the web page title we can add our css links or google fonts.
    7. What is an id? id's and classes, are used in css to grab and style. An id name can only be used once.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? id and class can be added to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    10. What is a class? id's and classes, are used in css to grab and style. A class name can be used as many times as needed.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any and all as needed.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? several as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank for target
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternate txt for mobile users.
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section is considered the larger container where a div sets in as a child.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one  id can be used once class can be used many times.  .class  #id
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?  .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It allows the child to be selected even if the child has changed.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a:hover is the most used psuedo selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height 2px
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? line-spacing 2px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  div border 5px dotted color
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* commented */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls or ls -a to see hidden files
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm file
    34. Why should I use version control? incase you need to revert back to an older version, also keeps track of progress.
    35. How often should I commit to github? early and often especially after work has been done or completed.  after bugs have been ironed out etc.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin file-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    a.) fork repo
    b.) git clone "url"
    c.) cd into new dir
    d.) git checkout - "name"
    e.) open vsc code .
    f.) git status to see if we beed to add / commit
    g.) git add .  for all files
    h.) git commit -m "msg"
    i.) git push -u origin "name"
    j.) pull request in github using the correct repo (our own) 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?  inline does not use the entire line, block level uses all the space and will push items around until properly formatted.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it can be positioned anywhere on the page from top left.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Margin Auto (i think)
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block: section - nav - h1     Inline: a - img - button   Both display  (nvr used it so hoping w3 schools knows :))
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    Box model is the space around and inside each element.  Margin is space outside the element.  Padding is space inside the element.  The fix seems to be with box-sizing: border-box a kind of reset for the box model that is a little broke on its owm



   --> 